docs: notices of upcoming deprecations and backports (#23683)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/integrations/consul/acl.mdx

<Note title="Deprecation Warning">

> This legacy workflow will be removed in Nomad 1.10. Before upgrading to Nomad 1.10
> you will need to have configured authentication with Consul as described in
> [Nomad Workload Identities](#nomad-workload-identities).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This legacy workflow will be removed in Nomad 1.10. Before upgrading to Nomad 1.10,
you need to configure authentication with Consul as described in
[Nomad Workload Identities](#nomad-workload-identities).
```
simplified the tense for non-native speakers
